[stable/atlantis] Support additional environment variables from kubernertes secrets (#15368)
helm/charts: stable/atlantis/README.md

| `bitbucket.secret`                          | Webhook secret for Bitbucket repositories (Bitbucket Server only).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | n/a     |
| `bitbucket.baseURL`                         | Base URL of Bitbucket Server installation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | n/a     |
| `environment`                               | Map of environment variables for the container.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `{}`    |

> | `environmentSecret`                         | Map of environment variables from kubernetes secrets for the container.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `{}`    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `environmentSecrets`                         | Array of Kubernetes secrets that can be used to set environment variables. See `values.yaml` for example.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `{}`    |
```
